This bastard can't do it himself
In the end, I have to save you
Hello dad
I have asked Chu Long to go back to work
But now he has provoked the people of Wu Gong Gang
I went to Wu Gong to help
Think for yourself whether to save him or not
What? He provoked the Wu Gong Gang
Yeah, he hit the Wu Gong Gang
Okay, okay, I'll be right over.
Why hasn't there been any news from Dad's black heart?
When I come back and chop him up, you're going to chop him up, right?
I brought someone to you
Who are you?
He hit me
And stole my woman
It's you, don't you know that your mother is in my hands?
Let go of my mom
Father Cai Zi, you have never heard of my name
Still don't know the sky is high
He actually spoke wildly in my Wu Gongbang
Can't kill this fanatic before I do
I told you not to move
Or I'll ask your whole family to collect your body